thousands of Palestinian men were
rounded up by Israeli forces as they
Advanced through Northern
Gaza weeks later some are now being
released they spoke of their humiliation
at the hands of the
Israelis I was among many others
detained by Israeli soldiers we were all
stripped of our clothes although it was
very very cold the Israelis claimed
we're Hamas Fighters and we told them
we're civilians we have no affiliation
to Hamas or fataa or any other faction
if we were Fighters we wouldn't have
remained at home once they were
imprisoned they say the abuse
continued we were all placed in a deep
hole in the ground still without clothes
and it was very cold my heart almost
stopped beating then we were placed in
jumpsuits handcuffed at our backs we
were beaten and battered all the time
this man was a patient at gaza's alifa
hospital when Israeli forces stormed the
facility after being released he was
forced to travel
South I'm a kidney failure patient and I
must have dialysis I've been many days
now without dialysis Israeli soldiers
tortured us all no difference between
old or young sick or healthy we were all
abused and battered Israel says anyone
its forces encounter in combat areas is
detained and interrogated it says this
strategy has helped them capture
hundreds of Hamas
Fighters some of the fighting whoever
remains in the area when they come out
some from tunnel Sha some from homes we
investigate who is connected to Hamas
and who isn't we arrest everyone and
question them but Israeli security
officials say most of those arrested had
no links to Armed groups rights groups
have criticized the arbitrary arrests
and some have called the mistreatment of
prisoners a war crime Von Mahan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer